Revised Azure Service Bus Management (#918)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: azure-service-bus-management/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/azure-service-bus-management-connector-examples.adoc

= Azure Service Bus Management 1.0 Examples - Mule 4

. Declare and complete the variables previously described in the corresponding YAML file (for example: `src/main/resources/properties/kafka-producer.yaml`), and load that properties file as a global element.
+
For more information about using a properties file, see xref:mule-runtime::mule-app-properties-to-configure.adoc[Configuring Property Placeholders]

> You can check more use cases on the demo `mule-azure-service-bus-management-crud-demo` .

Reviewer: Not sure these demos are available. You and I both asked Mauro about this. I don't think users can access Mule 4 demos.

> For more information about using a properties file, see xref:mule-runtime::mule-app-properties-to-configure.adoc[Configuring Property Placeholders]

Reviewer 2: Per my discussion with Valkyrie about putting nice-to-have links in topics, I suggest naming the topic but not linking to it, and moving the actual link to See Also:
```suggestion
If you don't know how to use a properties file, see Configuring Property Placeholders.
```
Should this be a task ==Prerequisites topic somewhere?

> == Get Queue Information Example

Reviewer: In Kim's edit, she had me put Example first in the header title

Author: I don't agree but I'll change it.

> == Example: Get Queue Information

Reviewer 2: To avoid using punctuation in titles...:
```suggestion
== Get Queue Information Example
```
Also, this is parallel with the wording used for the peer topic that follows.

This example shows how to get information about a particular queue in the Azure service bus instance. The following screenshot shows the Anypoint Studio app flow for this example:

.App flow for the Get Queue Information example
image::azure-sb-mgmt-flow-get-queue.png[This app flow shows the components used in the get Get Queue Information example]

. Create a new Mule project in Studio.

> . In the Mule Palette view, search for *HTTP* and select the *Listener* operation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `http` and select the *Listener* operation:
```

. Drag the *Listener* operation onto the Studio canvas.
. In the *Listener* configuration, click *+* next to the *Connector configuration* field to add a global element.
. Accept the defaults.
. Set the *Path* field to `/queue`.

=== Example: Add and Configure the Get Entity Operation

> The *Get Entity* operation returns information about the specified queue, including configuration information and information about the metadata:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the *Get Entity* operation to see information about the specified queue, including configuration information and information about the metadata:
```
I added a verb just so that it intro's the steps a bit better.

> . In the *Mule Palette* view, search for *azure* and select the Azure Service Bus Management connector *Get Entity* operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for *azure* and select the Azure Service Bus Management Connector *Get Entity* operation.
```

> . In the *Mule Palette* view, search for *azure* and select the Azure Service Bus Management Connector *Get Entity* operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `azure` and select the Azure Service Bus Management Connector *Get Entity* operation.
```
The "search for" strings are syntax, so they should be in ` `, right? GLOBAL

> . Drag the *Get Entity* operation onto the Studio canvas, to the right of the *Listener*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Drag the *Get Entity* operation onto the Studio canvas, to the right of *Listener*.
```
Labels are names, not entities, so omit article before unless a common noun follows. GLOBAL.

> .  In the *Get Entity* configuration, click *+* next to the *Connector configuration* field to add a global element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Get Entity* configuration, click *+* next to the *Connector configuration* field to add a global element.
```

. Enter values for the *SMS Namespace*, *Shared Access Key Name*, and *Shared Access Key* fields.

> . Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the Azure Service Bus instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the Azure Service Bus instance:
```

* If the connection is successful, click *OK* to save the configuration.

> * Otherwise, review or correct any incorrect parameters, and test again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Otherwise, review to correct any incorrect parameters, and test again.
```

. In the *Entity(Queue or Topic)* field, enter the name of the queue for which you want information.

=== Add a Transform Message Component

> The *Transform Message* component formats the data and shows how the metadata is rendered for the output of the *Get Entity* operation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the *Transform Message* component to format the data and show how the metadata is rendered for the output of the *Get Entity* operation:
```

> . In the Mule Palette view, search for *transform*:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `transform`:
```

. Overlay the brackets in the *Output* section with this XML:
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
%dw 2.0
output application/json
ns ns0 http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom
ns ns01 http://schemas.microsoft.com/netservices/2010/10/servicebus/connect
---
{
"title": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#title,
"publishedAt": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#published,
"lockDuration": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#LockDuration,
"maxSize": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#MaxSizeInMegabytes,
"requiresDuplicate": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#RequiresDuplicateDetection,
"requiresSession": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#RequiresSession,
"deadLettering": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration,
"enabledBatched": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#EnableBatchedOperations,
"defaultMTTL": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#DefaultMessageTimeToLive,
"duplicateDetection": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow,
}
----

=== Add a Logger Component

> The Logger component displays the response in the *Mule Console*:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the Logger component to show the response in the *Mule Console*:
```

> . In the *Mule Palette* view, search for *logger* and select the *Logger (Core)* component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `logger` and select the *Logger (Core)* component.
```

. Drag the *Logger (Core)* component onto the Studio canvas, to the right of the *Transform Message* component.
. In the *Message* field of the Logger configuration, enter `#[payload]`.
. Save the project.

> . Test the app by navigating to `http://127.0.0.1:8081/queue`.

Reviewer 2: How does navigating test the app: just the fact that you CAN navigate to it? Or must you verify some parameters or something? Clarify.

=== XML Code for the Get Queue Example

> 

Reviewer 2: Did you want to add a fragment or sentence to transition between title and syntax?

"defaultMTTL": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#DefaultMessageTimeToLive,
"duplicateDetection": payload.ns0#entry.ns0#content.ns01#QueueDescription.ns01#DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow,
}]]></ee:set-payload>
</ee:message>
</ee:transform>
<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger"  message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
</mule>
----

== Create Topic Example

This example shows how to create a new topic for the Azure Service Bus instance. The following screenshot shows the Anypoint Studio flow for this example:

.App flow for the Create Topic example
image::azure-sb-mgmt-flow-create-topic.png[This app flow shows the components used in the Create Topic example]
. Create a new Mule project in Studio.
. In the Mule Palette view, search for *HTTP* and select the *Listener* operation:
. Drag the *Listener* operation onto the canvas.
. In the *Listener* configuration, click *+* next to the *Connector configuration* field to add a global element.
. Set the *Host* field to 0.0.0.0, the *Port* field to `808`, and click *Save*.
. Set the *Path* field to `/topic`.

=== Add and Configure the Create or Update Entity Operation

> The *Create or Update Entity Operation* enables you to create the topic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Create or Update Entity* operation enables you to create the topic:
```

= Azure Service Bus Management 1.0 Examples - Mule 4

> . Declare and complete the variables previously described in the corresponding YAML file (for example: `src/main/resources/properties/kafka-producer.yaml`), and load that properties file as a global element.

Reviewer 3: Where are the variables previously described? Does this refer to a different doc or section?
